feat (choreography): [example] nocode update (#127)
mspnp/cloud-design-patterns: choreography/README.md

# Choregraphy pattern example

The [Choreography cloud design pattern](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/architecture/patterns/choreography) does not have code associated with it. You'll find an example of this pattern in the Example section of that article.

> The scenario presented is how code running in an Azure Container Apps can use a nessage broker to exchange messages without central coordination to proccess a business transacition that requires ordered handling of unbounded sequences of related messages. The scenario uses a [Drone Delivery app](https://github.com/mspnp/microservices-reference-implementation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scenario presented is how code running in an Azure Container Apps can use a message broker to exchange messages without central coordination to process a business transaction that requires ordered handling of unbounded sequences of related messages. The scenario uses a [Drone Delivery app](https://github.com/mspnp/microservices-reference-implementation).
```

![Diagram of an event driven cloud native example workload implementing choreography pattern](./choreography-example.png)

## Related documentation

> - [Choose between Azure messaging services](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/compare-messaging-services)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Choose between Azure messaging services](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/service-bus-messaging/compare-messaging-services)
```
